
  Exam Robot <http://examrobot.com/>
  Strategic Preparation

Login <http://examrobot.com/user>| Register
<http://examrobot.com/user/register>

Blog <http://examrobot.com/node/7000572>

Navigation <#>

  * Home

    <http://examrobot.com/>


    .

.

  * Login

    <http://examrobot.com/user>
  * Sign up

    <http://examrobot.com/user/register>

Prev

Next

1


    .

.

  * Login <http://examrobot.com/user>
  * Sign up <http://examrobot.com/user/register>

//


    Search/Analytics

Search any topic , Look at its historical trends across exams and device
an optimal preparation strategy for it. Data mining draws on large
numbers of questions to identify patterns that can then be identified as
opportunities or risks

//


    Smart Book

In Practice zone, practice thousands of questions, powered by artificial
intelligence. it uncovers every other question which has similarity in
concept , help you build understanding around every possible variant of
the topic across multiple dimensions

//


    Exam analysis

Analysis is the critical starting point of strategic preparation .
Understand the DNA of exam by examrobot's advanced analysis dashboard
which gives deeper analysis of previous years paper to develope key
insights

//


    Dynamic Mock tests

Mock exams will reveal your weak spots, gaps in your knolwedge and areas
you need to imrpove on . the feedback will throw a light on where your
strenghts and weaknesses lie and where you should spend more time
studying ..

//


    Adaptive and Goal based practice

ExamRobot's adaptive learning platform creates a customized practice
path based on your skills, your time, and what you need to learn to
maximize your score. It adjusts the learning experience based on your
progress.

//


    Social Learning collaboration

Compete with thousands of other users, get valuable insights from peers
.Engaging group study and practice sessions help you collaborate and
compete with friends in live sessions in a game-like environment


    testimonial

    I m long time user of this website. It has helped me a lot in
    clearing my prelims exam in 2016. Questions have directly come from
    this website. It has great deposit of questions with matching
    patterns of Civil Service exam. Using it is highly recommended for
    aspirant of Civil Service guys.

                          -  Anshu Kumar

    ExamRobot has been so much instrumental in my clearing of
    cse-prelims 2016, because it is the perfect repository of all the
    past questions of various competitive exam. Its well designed,
    subject-wise, year-wise, topic wise, simple to use, simple to
    analyse and make self assessment. It is "a must" for every serious
    aspirant.

                          -  Akanksha garg

    I've found ExamRobot to be really helpful in my Prelims preparation.
    I used to look up a topic after studying it and solved questions on
    that topic from a range of exams conducted by UPSC. This exercise
    was a confidence-booster. Solving a variety of questions was a good
    practice for the real exam and also helped in identifying areas that
    were important and need to be done properly. I cleared Prelims 2016
    with a score of over 120.

                          -  Jayansh

    Dear Examrobot, The organization of questions done by you helped me
    lot in cracking UPSC civil prelim this time. Your website played a
    great role in knowing how UPSC asks questions and helped in
    analyzing the question pattern which is key to crack the prelims.
    Your analysis of questions gives the proper direction while
    studying.Thank you so much EXAMROBOT for your hardwork which is
    helpful to many students in cracking the prelims very easily.

                          -  Chetan Jagdale

    Question compilation of examrobot is unparalleled. It not only
    helped me in revising previous year questions but reinforced the
    inevitable aspect of upsc Prelims preparation...notes section of
    exam robot is something which is extremely fruitful... Helped me for
    last moment revision...for me it was the best source of revision...
    I was glad to find questions in prelims paper which I had practiced
    many times on exam robot....thank you exam robot...

                          -  Dr. Vikas malviya

    Awesome tool for clearing CSE Prelims. It strategically divides all
    the core sub topics, so we clearly get a view from the question
    falling areas. More useful than spending thousands of bucks with
    coaching institutes . Thank you Examrobot.

                          -  Aju meetajuy

    I successfully cleared cutoff of CSE as well as that of IFS in 2016
    prelims exam. Examrobot helped me explore different dimensions of
    particular topic through the questions asked in exams other than
    CSE. The site is very useful for static topics especially for
    subjects such as environment, art and culture and medieval history.

                          - Ashutosh Parauha

    This robotic website helped me fetch 112/200 in the GS Paper of
    UPSC- ESE 2016 exam, Which was only like a dream for me.Thanx a lot
    Team Exam Robot.

                          -  Adarsh Kesarwani

    ExamRobot taught me the real meaning of Backward Linkage through
    ExamAnalysis and Search Analytics which helped me to give a
    direction to my CSE Prelims preparation. .

                          -  Amrita

    Thanks for ExamRobot for this initiative and making me rethink UPSC
    Civil Service Exams in a different way. The percentage analysis
    gives an idea to know the changing trend. The Linkages of a single
    question from Different exams is just unbelievable. The Daily
    targets and milestone challenges are giving me a comfort of playing
    a game with lot of involvement. Some of the technical issues such as
    Unable to Bookmark a Question, absence of efficient filtering option
    and Poor User Interface needs to be addressed. Otherwise, ExamRobot
    should be seen as an opportunity to involve us in the digital
    evolution of education system in India. Keep Rocking! Support from
    Siddik:)

                          -  Jaffar Siddik

    ExamRobot is one of the reason for me to clear the UPSC preliminary
    exam this year. I used to regularly practice MCQ's in the website.
    The sectional MCQ's helped me to find out my strengths and
    weaknesses and prepare accordingly. Thank you ExamRobot!! I hope
    many aspirants will make use of this website

                          -  Pavithran P N

    Firstly, thank you for your initiative. I found it very useful for
    prelims. The website is incredibly well organized and the graphical
    analysis is a very powerful tool to direct your efforts towards the
    important sections of an otherwise behemoth syllabus. Please provide
    a similar service for mains so that we can focus on the important
    areas where from many questions have appeared in the past.

                        -  Pawan

    it is an amazing site for civil service aspirants

                            -  salma azar

    it is very great initiative which helps aspirants in streamlining
    their preparation. Thank you for the effort.

                             -  sarang

    A very good initiative.Easy to access and good analysis.Helped me a
    lot in preparing for this year's prelims. Found many questions
    directly in the paper from this site.Thanks exam robot team,you made
    things a lot easier.

                              -  surya banda

    Very good website. It helps a lot in our preparation by cutting out
    the time that aspirants spend in analysing the topics.

              -   Sagar

    ExamRobot gives proves to be a very precious website specially for
    UPSC aspirants for whom the competition is getting tougher day by day..

                          -  Nitish Singh

Â© 2018 Exam Robot. All Rights Reserved.

Home <http://examrobot.com/> |  contact
<http://examrobot.com/node/7000386> |  privacy-policy
<http://examrobot.com/node/7000433> | terms
<http://examrobot.com/node/7000432> | disclaimer
<http://examrobot.com/node/7000385> | 

